you know for two years Allie monsewer
was the Canadian super heavyweight
amateur champ and like most amateurs
cisco overly was to play me Olympics
because the Lebanese warm fighter was
not a Canadian citizen at the time of
the games in athens he was not eligible
to represent our country nor city go
fight for Lebanon due to financial
restraints sounds disappointment which
it certainly wasn't the end for this
fighter instead he turned pro this past
weekend he made his debut in montréal
with his trainer and his manager Russ
amber here's a behind-the-scenes look at
Mansoor if he got ready for his pro
debut against Jerry Butler told them
you're guilty coats eat wide me from the
waist make admit with punches big one
that's going to be good and it's going
to make him tired and it's gonna make
him mad and when he gets mad he's gonna
worse he's gonna want to come in through
more and making this more yet more tired
and then you Black Rock you hit him up
to the top I pop in the body so you hit
him in the body against how you hitter
in the body getting pop pop just pop
them with the judge what you'll explain
you know what I mean now you tell me if
the giftie site at any time
in the detailer sorry
good exactly pump it up that's your
license there
this done thank you sir these are our
two cornermen just in case so you know
Daniel Neal or and nose are I know that
as long as you move in the waist and
keep your legs open topic and when you
were down there top that's it I should
make him reach you making this okay then
you're gonna find no no nice and loose I
want you nice and loose okay and I want
you soak going into like this I'm time
that's it that's it at single hook below
the low low low that's it that's it
below you guess why don't you get throw
that's it fuck you leave them from there
ha ok
getting the mouthpiece getting the water
so I could take care of the cut open and
make sure you have the bath ready it
does get that's relax touch your life
that's it and again
oh wow
the guy's going to be there okay you
just have to relax popping with the jab
combinations move away combinations move
away when you get inside still fighting
inside oh the referee will break you
back to the outside bring him in bring
him in youngest a tiny you bring him in
okay
okay relax now real ad give the people
what they want you got it later nice and
smart and include okay nice and it
one last Larry
I love the behind-the-scenes stuff
posing with your favorite part of it I
like that the corner stuff you know
because that's something you don't even
see on television you don't see the
actual reaction from the corner and how
involved a corner is in the fight you
know and you see that and you give them
the instructions and you like to see him
go out and execute that's my and then
when you throw the accident I mean I
know you didn't we hear the knock you
down there okay take it easy a little
bit we'll hear more from Ali mr. in
future shows i'm sure me